Review stimulus controller (#33)
renuo/moirai: README.md

end
```

You also need to have the moirai_translations_controller.js Stimulus Controller initialized.

If you use importmaps:

Pin the controller in `config/importmap.rb`

```ruby
pin "controllers/moirai_translation_controller", to: "moirai_translation_controller.js"
```

> I am not entirely sure about all other possible configuration possibilities, 
> so in the worst case copy/paste [the stimulus controller](app/assets/javascripts/moirai_translation_controller.js) in your app.

Reviewer: This is a bit too personal, I would rewrite it to something like:
```suggestion
If you’re unsure about all the possible configuration options, you can simply copy and paste the stimulus controller into your app as a fallback. 
```
